## Theorem
There exists no set $X$ and no [[σ-algebra]] $\Sigma$ on $X$ such that $\Sigma$ contains a [[countable|countably]] infinite number of elements.
## Proof
Suppose that there is such a [[σ-algebra]] on a set $X$. Define an [[equivalence relation]] $\sim$ on the elements of $X$ by letting $a\sim b$ if whenever $a \in A \in \Sigma$, then $b \in A$. That this is in fact an [[equivalence relation]] is clear. Because $\Sigma$ is assumed to be countable, and each [[equivalence class]] is itself an element of $\Sigma$ by definition, there can only be [[countable|countably]] many of them.

Let $Y \in \Sigma$ and consider the set $A$ of [[equivalence class|equivalence classes]] of elements of $Y$. This set is at most [[countable]]. Suppose for the sake of contradiction that it is infinite. Then we can index its elements by the [[power set]] $\mathcal P(\mathbb Z)$ of the integers, and we can write $A = \{A_n\}_{n\in\mathbb Z}$. Assign to each $Z \in \mathcal P(\mathbb Z)$ the set $$K_Z = \bigcup_{n\in Z} A_n.$$ Since every element of $\mathcal P(\mathbb Z)$ is at most [[countable]], it must be that $K_Z \in \Sigma$. But there are [[uncountable|uncountably]] many such sets $Z$, so $A$ must be uncountable. This is a contradiction, and we then have that $A$ is actually finite. Then every element of $\Sigma$ is the union of a finite number of [[equivalence class|equivalence classes]]. But there is only a finite possible number of such unions, so $\Sigma$ must be finite. We again have a contradiction, and have shown that no countable [[σ-algebra]] can exist. QED.