## Theorem
Any two [[bounded]] subsets $A$ and $B$ of $\mathbb R^n$ where $n \geq 3$, each having nonempty [[interior]] are [[equidecomposable]].
## Proof (in three dimensions)
It is sufficient to show that a ball and two copies of the ball are [[equidecomposable]]: Suppose that this is the case. Then let $A$ and $B$ be [[bounded]] having nonempty [[interior]]. Then there exists a ball $A' \subset \text{int}(A)$, which can by hypothesis be [[equidecomposable|equidecomposed]] into $2$ (and by the [[transitivity of equidecomposability]], $2^k$ for integer $k$) copies of itself that cover $B$. [[two half-disjoint isometric decompositions of two sets implies equidecomposable|Then]]  $A'$ and $B$ are [[equidecomposable]]. Similarly, we can find a ball $B'\subset \text{int}B$ so that $B'$ and $A$ are [[equidecomposable]]. [[equidecomposition of subsets|Finally]], $A$ and $B$ are [[equidecomposable]].

Let $B$ be a ball and let $S$ be the [[boundary]] $\partial B$. Let $\alpha$ be an angle such that $2\pi\alpha$ is irrational. Then [[irrational rotations generate free group|rotation by this angle about two axes generates a free group]] $G$. For each $p\in S$, either the [[orbit]] of $p$ under $G$ contains a fixed point or not. Denote the set of points in $S$ whose orbits do not contain a fixed point by $M$. We can define an [[equivalence relation]] $\sim$ on $M$ by $p\sim q$ if $g(q)=p$ for some $g \in G$. By the [[Axiom of Choice]], we can select one representative for each [[equivalence class]] of $\sim$. For each element $q$ of each class $[p]$, we can [[free group|uniquely]] associate $g\in G$ with $q$ so that $g(q)=p$. Thus by the [[equidecomposition of free groups]], we can decompose $M$ into two copies of itself. 

Now consider the set $N$ of fixed points. Each element of $G$ results in two fixed points, and since $G$ is [[countable]], so is $N$. We have that $S\setminus N = M \cong M \cup M$. Thus it remains to show that $S\setminus N \cong S$. Because $N$ is at most [[countable]], there exists a plane $P$ such that any plane parallel to $P$ intersects $N$ at at most one point (make this its own result? #todo). Then cover $N$ with disjoint circles parallel to $P$ on $S$, and because [[circle and circle without a point are equidecomposable|each circle without its point in N can be decomposed with itself]], we have $S\setminus N \cong S$. Then by the [[transitivity of equidecomposability]], $S\cong S\setminus N \cong (S\setminus N) \cup (S\setminus N) \cong S\cup S$, so the sphere $\partial B$ is [[equidecomposable]] with two copies of itself.

To pass from the sphere to the ball, add to each element $X$ of the equidecomposition the open rays joining each element of $X$ to the center of the sphere so that $(B\setminus\{0\}) \cong (B\setminus \{0\})\cup B\setminus \{0\})$. Then we apply the [[circle and circle without a point are equidecomposable|circle argument]] once more with a circle inside $B$ and passing through 0 to see that, again by [[transitivity of equidecomposability]], $B\cong B\cup B$. QED.