## Theorem
Let $A \subset \mathbb R^n$ be [[bounded]], and let $\mathcal F$ be a [[Besicovitch cover]] of $A$. Then there exists a constant $c_n$ (depending only on the [[dimension of vector space|dimension]] $n$) such that there are $c_n$ subcollections $A_i = \{B_{j_i}\}_{j\in\mathbb N}$ for $1\leq i \leq c_n$ of balls in $\mathcal F$ such that 
1. The collections consist of pairwise disjoint balls
2. $A \subseteq \bigcup\limits_{i=1}^{c_n} \bigcup\limits_{B \in A_i} B$.

### Outline of Proof
Remove any $B \in \mathcal B$ that is *not* centered at some $x \in A$. Then we proceed to show the theorem in three cases:
- $A$ is [[bounded]] and the radii of the balls in $\mathcal B$ are unbounded;
- $A$ is [[bounded]] and the radii of the balls in $\mathcal B$ are bounded;
- $A$ is unbounded and the radii of the balls in $\mathcal B$ are bounded.

### Proof
- Suppose that $A$ is [[bounded]] and the radii of the balls in $\mathcal B$ are unbounded. Then we can choose $B \in \mathcal B$ whose radius is large enough to cover $A$, and we are done.
- Now suppose that $A$ is [[bounded]] and the radii of the $B\in \mathcal B$ are bounded. Let $\varepsilon > 0$ and choose a ball $B_1$ whose radius is within $\varepsilon$ of the [[supremum]] of all of the radii. Then choose a ball $B_2$ whose center is not covered by $B_1$ and whose radius is within $\varepsilon$ of the [[supremum]] of the radii of the remaining balls. Choose a ball $B_3$ whose center is not covered by $B_1\cup B_2$ and whose radius is within $\varepsilon$ of the remaining balls. Proceed inductively in this manner. The union $\bigcup\limits_{n\in\mathbb N} B_n$ covers $A$. Because $A$ is [[bounded]], then for any fixed $r_0 > 0$, there may be at most finitely many balls with [[diameter of a set|radius]] greater than or equal to $r_0$. That is, the radii of the $B_n$ approaches $0$ as $n \to \infty$. Moreover, for each $x\in A$, there exists a ball containing $x$. If we assume that this ball is *not* one of the $B_n$, the center of this ball must have been covered by one of the $B_n$. Now we construct the pairiwise disjoint classes. First, assign $B_1$ to the collection $\mathcal B_1$. Assign $B_2$ to $\mathcal B_1$ if it is disjoint from $B_1$, and to $\mathcal B_2$ otherwise. Put $B_3$ into $\mathcal B_1$ if it is disjoint from every element of $\mathcal B_1$, into $\mathcal B_2$ if it is not disjoint from every element of $\mathcal B_1$ but is disjoint from every element of $B_2$, and $\mathcal B_3$ otherwise. Proceed inductively in this manner. Now we show that we require only finitely many $\mathcal B_i$. Fix some $B = B_i$. It is sufficient to show that at most some fixed number of the balls chosen before $B$ may intersect $B$. By construction, no ball chosen before $B$ can contain its center. 
	- First consider the previous balls that intersect $B$ whose radii are "not much larger" than that of $B$. That is, fix some $a$ and consider the balls intersecting $B$ that are contained in $aB$. The centers of the balls in $aB$ must be at least some fixed distance away from each other. This is because the radii of the balls chosen previously are not "much smaller" than the radius of $B$, so if the centers were close enough together, some of the balls would contain each other, contradicting their construction. Then because they must all be contained within $aB$, there may only be finitely many of them.
	- Now consider the balls chosen before $B$ whose radii are "much larger" than the radius of $B$. Consider the lines from the center of $B$ to the centers of these "much larger balls." The angle between any pair of these lines is bounded below by some positive angle, which implies that there may only be finitely many such balls. Suppose that there are two balls whose associated lines have a "very small" angle between them. The ball which was chosen first cannot contain the center of the second ball, so the second ball must have radius almost twice as large as the radius of the first. This, however, would contradict the construction of the balls. 
- Thus some finite number of previously chosen balls can intersect $B$, and thsis constant depends only on the dimension of $\mathbb R^n$. 
- Now suppose that $A$ is unbounded and the radii in $\mathcal B$ are bounded. Let $D =\sup\{r \mid \text{ there exists a ball of radius } r \text{ in } \mathcal B\}$ and let $$A_\ell = A\cap\{x\mid 3D(\ell-1) \leq ||x|| < 3D\ell\}.$$ This divides $\mathbb R^n$ into concentric rings, and $A_\ell$ is the part of $A$ contained in the $\ell$th ring. Apply the previous case to each $A_\ell$ yielding subcollections $\mathcal B_{1,\ell},\dots, \mathcal B_{c,\ell}$. Any ball in the cover of $A_\ell$ can only intersect balls in the cover of $A_{\ell-1}$ or $A_{\ell+1}$ because $D$ is the supremum of the radii of the balls. Then the subcollections $$\mathcal B_j =\bigcup_{\ell=1}^\infty \mathcal B_{j,2\ell-1} \text{ and } \mathcal B_{c+j} = \bigcup_{\ell=1}^\infty \mathcal B_{j,2\ell}$$ for $(1\leq j \leq c)$ are pairwise disjoint. This gives $2c$ subcollections covering $A$, and the proof is complete.